[plugin-web-app-to-rest-api] Publish response body for failed resource checks (#5104)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-web-app-to-rest-api.adoc

|===

==== Properties

[cols="3,1,1,3", options="header"]
|===

|Property Name
|Acceptable values
|Default
|Description

> |`resource-checker.show-body`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`resource-checker.publish-response-body`
```

a|`true`
`false`
|`false`

> a|Whether to show response body in report if resource has `FAILED` status. May reduce performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|Whether to attach the HTTP response body for HTTP calls with non-successful status codes (may reduce performance).
```
